chain more open television
never for what you think and we go with
the myths and rites of the piñatas by
course with gerardo jiménez
yes
not only at Christmas and birthdays
are present even for dates like
on April 30 and a day of coexistence
the challenge of breaking a piñata is
I presented
a doll of this cable
it's going to be for your birthday so that
they like piñatas a lot
represents for you will break a piñata
well admission to very funny because
he grabs sweets sometimes one of the
myths is that you are missing this
nice tradition
I think it persists although a little
modified because it is no longer the piñata
traditional of the seven peaks but what
What artisans do is wonderful
adapting to the new characters that
they look for the prodigal children that follows this
magical now
now thematic and not so much the
traditional of the guys this month
representing the sins and their things
one hour and nothing else is like to
celebrate what the child wants from
character with whom he identifies
I think there have always been piñatas and
It is always a beautiful tradition that
we keep buying piñatas before not
there was so much variety before they were just from
peaks and it will be harder to break them
although there is a whole family tradition
of those who make piñatas all this
tradition of the piñatas was born in the
Oaxaca state
I am the third generation
fortunately after giving an account
We have a variety of piñata assortment
of all time more than anything the intention
the goal more than anything else
local parties is that children are
bring a smile
is perfect, there are no limitations
Characters can be diverse airs of
superheroes to princesses and even
surreal characters like this
boy who likes the tube and
cadenatres news
gerardo jiménez
subscribe to our YouTube channel
so you're always informed of the
latest news from mexico and the world
start right now by clicking on
these videos